1st place Daxia Zhao Ruolan 700kg 700kg
Dad, I finally did it
I'm finally ashamed of you
I'm finally ashamed of Zhaojiacun Yixue
Village Chief, did you all hear?
Ruolan is not a Dian Yihu
He's not a bargain.
I didn't go out to play
He is not a disgrace to our Zhaojiacun either.
Guangzong Yaozu
My daughter, he did it.
Did you hear the ancestors of Zhaojiacun?
My daughter Ruolan has no shame.
A champion
We're in town.
We carry forward the National Congress
Did you all hear it?
Abuse of power by Miyamoto Oyama
From today onwards, everything in Yamamoto Dashan
At the same time, the two of you will interrupt the Fukuo Takahashi family
All sports cooperation
Permanent block
Fusang Takahashi
No Olympic Games for ten years
Courageous cooperation
Ten years of scenery
The Takahashi line is completely doomed
baga
It's because you bitch insist on revisiting the old place
Okay now, let's go see you